Add a Dockerfile for running the server (#8693)
smogon/pokemon-showdown: docker/README.md

# Pokémon Showdown Docker

> This Dockerfile will build an image that can be used to run a docker container with. This application needs runs on port 8000, so you need to bind that port to your host. If you want to use a custom config you will also need to supply your own `config.js`, an example of this can be found at `config/config-example.js` of this repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Dockerfile will build an image that can be used to run a docker container with. This application needs to run on port 8000, so you need to bind that port on your host. If you want to use a custom config, you will also need to supply your own `config.js`; an example of this can be found at `config/config-example.js` in this repository.
```

# Building & Running

> To build this image copy `Dockerfile` onto your computer to run with docker run or docker compose. You will need docker and/or docker-compose installed depending on what method you use. This Dockerfile will run the latest released version of Pokémon Showdown at the time  of building.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build this image, copy `Dockerfile` onto your computer to run with `docker run` or `docker compose`. You will need `docker` and/or `docker-compose` installed, depending on which method you use. This Dockerfile will run the most recent version of Pokémon Showdown available on GitHub at the time of building.
```

> ##  Using docker run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using `docker run`
```
